hey everyone it's Brandon at West cotton
today I'm going to show you how to set
up the rapid box for speed lights so the
first thing they grabbed out of the
rapid box bag is going to be your tilter
bracket this is going to mount to your
light stand and you're going to use this
thumb screw at the bottom to tighten it
now on this filter bracket you'll see a
cold shoe and that's what mounts your
speed light and then you'll also see
this little thumb screw and that will
attach your rapid box which is the next
piece that we pull out so on the back of
the rapid box you'll see this black
plate and that black plate will spin
counterclockwise you'll go ahead and
press this button in and you'll hear it
snap into place that black plate should
not rotate once it's snapped into place
and you'll go ahead and you'll take this
thumb screw and mount this plate
directly to the tilter bracket now this
thumb screw allows you to move up and
down depending on how large your speed
light is the rapid box will support a
wide variety of the smallest all the way
to the largest speed lights from there
to open up the rapid box go ahead and
undo the tie and it almost opens by
itself but to open it you go ahead and
push this centerpiece in right over the
shaft and then it will hit kind of a
wall give it a quarter turn to lock it
and you'll hear it snap again so now the
rapid box is fully assembled all you
need is the diffusion panel the
diffusion panels are also included they
fit snugly around the edges of the rapid
box so there's no velcro and with this
sliding setup you have very beautiful
diffused light with really soft shadows
now we do have an optional deflector
plate for the rapid box and what this
deflector plate does is it mounts on the
inside
by simply screwing it in to the center
shaft like so and what that's going to
do is that's going to block the hot spot
coming out of the speed light
that light's going to hit the back of
this plate wrap around the interior of
the rapid box and so you're still going
to get really soft light on your
subjects face
however the shadows are going to be a
little bit more contrast II and this
look is called a beauty dish
so this deflector plate will allow you
to obtain a beauty dish effect so those
are the features and that's how we set
up the rapid box this is the 26 inch
version to see all the other versions
make sure you visit FJ Wescott com
we'll see you next time
you